# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
absl-py                   1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.8.1            py39hb82d6ee_1    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               21.3.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0           py39h2bbff1b_0    defaults
asttokens                 2.0.5              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
async-timeout             4.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.4.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
backcall                  0.2.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1           py39haa95532_0    defaults
blas                      1.0                         mkl    defaults
bleach                    4.1.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
blinker                   1.4                        py_1    conda-forge
bottleneck                1.3.4            py39h080aedc_0    defaults
brotli                    1.0.9                ha925a31_2    defaults
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h2bbff1b_1003    defaults
ca-certificates           2022.6.15            h5b45459_0    conda-forge
cachetools                5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.6.15        py39hcbf5309_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.0           py39h2bbff1b_1    defaults
charset-normalizer        2.0.4              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
click                     8.1.3            py39hcbf5309_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.4              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
conda-pack                0.7.0              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    1.8.1            py39h8cc25b3_0    defaults
console_shortcut          0.1.1                         4    defaults
cryptography              37.0.1           py39h21b164f_0    defaults
cudatoolkit               11.3.1               h59b6b97_2    defaults
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
debugpy                   1.5.1            py39hd77b12b_0    defaults
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
entrypoints               0.4              py39haa95532_0    defaults
executing                 0.8.3              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
fonttools                 4.25.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
freetype                  2.10.4               hd328e21_0    defaults
frozenlist                1.3.0            py39hb82d6ee_1    conda-forge
google-auth               2.8.0              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.42.0           py39hc60d5dd_0    defaults
icu                       58.2                 ha925a31_3    defaults
idna                      3.3                pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
importlib-metadata        4.11.4           py39hcbf5309_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2021.4.0          haa95532_3556    defaults
ipykernel                 6.9.1            py39haa95532_0    defaults
ipython                   8.3.0            py39haa95532_0    defaults
ipython_genutils          0.2.0              pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
ipywidgets                7.6.5              pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
jedi                      0.18.1           py39haa95532_1    defaults
jinja2                    3.0.3              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
joblib                    1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jpeg                      9e                   h2bbff1b_0    defaults
jsonschema                4.4.0            py39haa95532_0    defaults
jupyter                   1.0.0            py39haa95532_7    defaults
jupyter_client            7.2.2            py39haa95532_0    defaults
jupyter_console           6.4.3              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
jupyter_core              4.10.0           py39haa95532_0    defaults
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2                      py_0    defaults
jupyterlab_widgets        1.0.0              pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
kiwisolver                1.4.2            py39hd77b12b_0    defaults
libpng                    1.6.37               h2a8f88b_0    defaults
libprotobuf               3.19.1               h23ce68f_0    defaults
libtiff                   4.2.0                he0120a3_1    defaults
libuv                     1.40.0               he774522_0    defaults
libwebp                   1.2.2                h2bbff1b_0    defaults
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h2bbff1b_1    defaults
markdown                  3.3.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.1            py39h2bbff1b_0    defaults
matplotlib                3.5.1            py39haa95532_1    defaults
matplotlib-base           3.5.1            py39hd77b12b_1    defaults
matplotlib-inline         0.1.2              pyhd3eb1b0_2    defaults
menuinst                  1.4.18           py39h59b6b97_0    defaults
mistune                   0.8.4           py39h2bbff1b_1000    defaults
mkl                       2021.4.0           haa95532_640    defaults
mkl-service               2.4.0            py39h2bbff1b_0    defaults
mkl_fft                   1.3.1            py39h277e83a_0    defaults
mkl_random                1.2.2            py39hf11a4ad_0    defaults
multidict                 6.0.2            py39hb82d6ee_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4                      py_0    defaults
nbclient                  0.5.13           py39haa95532_0    defaults
nbconvert                 6.4.4            py39haa95532_0    defaults
nbformat                  5.3.0            py39haa95532_0    defaults
nest-asyncio              1.5.5            py39haa95532_0    defaults
notebook                  6.4.11           py39haa95532_0    defaults
numexpr                   2.8.1            py39hb80d3ca_0    defaults
numpy                     1.22.3           py39h7a0a035_0    defaults
numpy-base                1.22.3           py39hca35cd5_0    defaults
oauthlib                  3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
opencv-python             4.6.0.66                 pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   1.1.1o               h8ffe710_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pandas                    1.4.2            py39hd77b12b_0    defaults
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pickleshare               0.7.5           pyhd3eb1b0_1003    defaults
pillow                    9.0.1            py39hdc2b20a_0    defaults
pip                       21.2.4           py39haa95532_0    defaults
powershell_shortcut       0.0.1                         3    defaults
prometheus_client         0.13.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
prompt-toolkit            3.0.20             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
prompt_toolkit            3.0.20               hd3eb1b0_0    defaults
protobuf                  3.19.1           py39hd77b12b_0    defaults
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.3            py39h2bbff1b_0    defaults
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pygments                  2.11.2             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pyjwt                     2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pyparsing                 3.0.4              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pyqt                      5.9.2            py39hd77b12b_6    defaults
pyrsistent                0.18.0           py39h196d8e1_0    defaults
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39haa95532_0    defaults
python                    3.9.12               h6244533_0    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
python-fastjsonschema     2.15.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytorch                   1.11.0          py3.9_cuda11.3_cudnn8_0    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/pytorch
pytorch-mutex             1.0                        cuda    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/pytorch
pytz                      2022.1           py39haa95532_0    defaults
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pywin32                   302              py39h2bbff1b_2    defaults
pywinpty                  2.0.2            py39h5da7b33_0    defaults
pyzmq                     22.3.0           py39hd77b12b_2    defaults
qt                        5.9.7            vc14h73c81de_0    defaults
qtconsole                 5.3.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
qtpy                      2.0.1              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
requests                  2.28.0                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.8                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.100         py39h2bbff1b_0    defaults
scikit-learn              1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
setuptools                61.2.0           py39haa95532_0    defaults
sip                       4.19.13          py39hd77b12b_0    defaults
six                       1.16.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
sklearn                   0.0                      pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.3.1              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
sqlite                    3.38.3               h2bbff1b_0    defaults
stack_data                0.2.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
tensorboard               2.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.0            py39hcbf5309_2    conda-forge
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.13.1           py39haa95532_0    defaults
testpath                  0.5.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
threadpoolctl             3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h2bbff1b_0    defaults
torch-tb-profiler         0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
torchaudio                0.11.0               py39_cu113    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/pytorch
torchvision               0.12.0               py39_cu113    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/pytorch
tornado                   6.1              py39h2bbff1b_0    defaults
tqdm                      4.64.0           py39haa95532_0    defaults
traitlets                 5.1.1              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
typing-extensions         4.1.1                hd3eb1b0_0    defaults
typing_extensions         4.1.1              pyh06a4308_0    defaults
tzdata                    2022a                hda174b7_0    defaults
urllib3                   1.26.9           py39haa95532_0    defaults
vc                        14.2                 h21ff451_1    defaults
vs2015_runtime            14.27.29016          h5e58377_2    defaults
vs2017_runtime            15.4.27004.2010               1    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/peterjc123
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
webencodings              0.5.1            py39haa95532_1    defaults
werkzeug                  2.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
widgetsnbextension        3.5.2            py39haa95532_0    defaults
win_inet_pton             1.1.0            py39haa95532_0    defaults
wincertstore              0.2              py39haa95532_2    defaults
winpty                    0.4.3                         4    defaults
xz                        5.2.5                h8cc25b3_1    defaults
yaml                      0.2.5                he774522_0    defaults
yarl                      1.7.2            py39hb82d6ee_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h8cc25b3_2    defaults
zstd                      1.5.2                h19a0ad4_0    defaults